- if you have ldap and can't find anything else:
`sudo nmap -sC -A -Pn --script "*ldap*" $IP -oN outputfile.txt'` (use output.ldap)

#### ldapdomaindump
`ldapdomaindump -u $domain.com\\ldap -p '$ldapPassword' $domain.com -o $outputDirectory`

- when you find the dc from the above script which says: "Context: DC=$name,DC=offsec":
`ldapsearch -x -H ldap://$IP -b "dc=$name,dc=offsec" > $name.ldapsearch`  (grep for cn/description/sAMAccountName)
	- This is for when the domain is `$name.offsec`
- `ldapsearch -x -H ldap://172.16.227.10 -D '$domain.com\$user' -w '$password' -b "DC=$domain,DC=com"`
- `ldapsearch -h 172.16.5.5 -x -b "DC=INLANEFREIGHT,DC=LOCAL" -s sub "*" | grep -m 1 -B 10 pwdHistoryLength`
- Another example: `ldapsearch -x -b "dc=support,dc=htb" -H ldap://support.htb -D ldap@support.htb -W "*" `
1. -x: This option specifies to use simple authentication instead of SASL (Simple Authentication and Security Layer). It’s often used for basic access without requiring additional security mechanisms.
2. -b "dc=support,dc=htb": This sets the base distinguished name (DN) for the search. In this case, it specifies that the search should start from the "dc=support,dc=htb" node in the directory. "dc" stands for domain component.
3. -H ldap://support.htb: This option specifies the LDAP server's URI. In this case, it's pointing to an LDAP server at support.htb.
4. -D ldap@support.htb: This is the bind DN (distinguished name) for authenticating to the LDAP server. Here, it's using the email-style format ldap@support.htb as the identity to authenticate with.
5. -W: This prompts for the password of the user specified with the -D option. It ensures that the password is not visible in the command line.
6. `"*"`: This indicates the search filter. Using `"*"` means that it will return all entries in the specified base DN.

`ldapsearch -x -b "dc=support,dc=htb" -H ldap://support.htb -D ldap@support.htb -W "(objectClass=user)"`

Windapsearch
- `python3 windapsearch.py --dc-ip $dcIP -u $user@domain.com -p $pass --da`
	- where `--da` means to enumerate domain admins
	- or `-PU` enumerates privileged users


First: `ldapsearch -H ldap://monitored.htb -x -s base namingcontexts`
Then: `ldapsearch -H ldap://monitored.htb -x -b "dc=monitored,dc=htb"`